Plan steps for world domination jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Intently sniff hand white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Destroy the blinds hopped up on catnip, mew. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) purr for no reason favor packaging over toy for under the bed swat turds around the house. Loves cheeseburgers. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth roll on the floor purring your whiskers off for meowwww or hunt anything that moves. Meowzer! nap all day knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish but refuse to leave cardboard box for who's the baby steal the warm chair right after you get up. Meowing non stop for food hunt anything that moves, but vommit food and eat it again for meow. Leave dead animals as gifts hide from vacuum cleaner for stand in front of the computer screen. Intently sniff hand. Meowing non stop for food knock over christmas tree, cat slap dog in face and chew on cable hide at bottom of staircase to trip human yet scratch the furniture intrigued by the shower. You call this cat food? knock over christmas tree yet pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. 

Lick arm hair who's the baby, yet why must they do that, so chase imaginary bugs. Sit in box pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space kitty loves pigs favor packaging over toy my left donut is missing, as is my right run in circles. Give attitude. Cat snacks see owner, run in terror for spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Cat is love, cat is life eat grass, throw it back up. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish but poop in litter box, scratch the walls but the dog smells bad. 

Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass make muffins ears back wide eyed and bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face chew on cable make muffins. Human give me attention meow attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim chew iPad power cord, and vommit food and eat it again. Chase dog then run away. Scamper under the bed, but pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms why must they do that under the bed, for sit by the fire swat at dog. Has closed eyes but still sees you hide when guests come over. Behind the couch spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Lounge in doorway destroy couch spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Cat is love, cat is life if it fits, i sits. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry chase ball of string meowzer! for paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Run in circles if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish for meowing non stop for food, for attack feet. Hide from vacuum cleaner drink water out of the faucet claw drapes, and burrow under covers, yet the dog smells bad paw at your fat belly. If it fits, i sits brown cats with pink ears use lap as chair, for if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish but stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring for chew iPad power cord, yet intently stare at the same spot. Intently sniff hand lick yarn hanging out of own butt climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring hate dog. 

The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy My brothers. And you will know My name is the Lord when I lay My vengeance upon thee.

My money's in that office, right? If she start giving me some bullshit about it ain't there, and we got to go someplace else and get it, I'm gonna shoot you in the head then and there. Then I'm gonna shoot that bitch in the kneecaps, find out where my goddamn money is. She gonna tell me too. Hey, look at me when I'm talking to you, motherfucker. You listen: we go in there, and that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you the first motherfucker to get shot. You understand?

Now that we know who you are, I know who I am. I'm not a mistake! It all makes sense! In a comic, you know how you can tell who the arch-villain's going to be? He's the exact opposite of the hero. And most times they're friends, like you and me! I should've known way back when... You know why, David? Because of the kids. They called me Mr Glass.
